all: phony
build/pandoc-lua-filters/include-files/include-files.lua: ghq
build/ninja/ninja-rules-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/ninja/ninja-targets-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/ninja/ninja.graph.dot: mask-tee
build/ninja/ninja.graph.png: mask
build/temp/README.md: copy_alternate
build/README.TOC/README.TOC.md: github-markdown-toc
README-template: phony
build/cmdshelf-remote-list-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/cmdshelf-list-awesome-output.txt: mask-stdout-tee
build/awesome/highlight.sh: cmdshelf-repository
build/cmdshelf-cat-highlight-sh-output.sh: mask-stdout-tee
build/cmdshelf-run-highlight-sh-output.png: mask-screenshot
build/man-cmdshelf-output.md: mask-man-markdown
build/man-cmdshelf-cat-output.md: mask-man-markdown
build/man-cmdshelf-list-output.md: mask-man-markdown
build/man-cmdshelf-remote-output.md: mask-man-markdown
build/man-cmdshelf-run-output.md: mask-man-markdown
build/man-cmdshelf-update-output.md: mask-man-markdown
README-custom: phony
README.md: pandocomatic
